OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dedicated-aws-dc-existing-create-vgw.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cluster_admin/cloud_infrastructure_access/dedicated-aws-dc.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="dedicated-aws-dc-existing-create-vgw_{context}"]
= Creating a virtual private gateway for a Direct Connect connection

[role="_abstract"]
Create a virtual private gateway in your {product-title} AWS account to connect to an existing Direct Connect Gateway.

.Prerequisites

> * Confirm the CIDR range of the {product-title} VPC will not conflict with any other VGWs you have associated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Confirm the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) range of the {product-title} Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) doesn't conflict with any other VGWs you have associated.
```
I believe we're now using contractions in all cloud docs - to be confirmed though.

> * Gather the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Confirm the CIDR range of the {product-title} VPC will not conflict with any other VGWs you have associated.
. Gather the following information:
```
Or the goal was not to mix different list types?
